Fixed #35887 -- Added imports and admin.site.register to non-partial admin inline doc examples. (#18766)
django/django: docs/topics/db/multi-db.txt

registered with any ``Admin`` instance::

    from django.contrib import admin

>     from .models import Author, Publisher
> 
> 
>     # insert class MultiDBModelAdmin(admin.ModelAdmin):
> 
> 
>     # insert class MultiDBTabularInline(admin.TabularInline):

Reviewer: Perhaps similar to the widget example
```suggestion

    from .models import Author, Publisher
    # Import our custom ModelAdmin and TabularInline from where they're defined.
    from myproject.admin import MultiDBModelAdmin, MultiDBTabularInline
```
